[Music]
the rule is simple you laugh you lose
will you accept this challenge
smash lightly right now can we do it
we're bringing back the dispersed Ito
hats if you guys enjoy these and you
seem to check out link in the
description new merch a limited time
let's begin the video guys just took a
mean-ass holy spell
[Music]
I just love the trashman oh my god guys
if Trashmen gets actually confirmed for
smash that would be so epic smash like
if you think so as well
a lot of this meme just took off I
realize here we started at the top okay
smash means there's no way we're gonna
beat that you already lost I already
lost you don't think you're better than
me
when will the loops be ready brother
[Music]
when with the loops be ready when will
they be ready no one knows you know I'm
sure if someone explained this meme if
they broke it down into its core into
its detail in Stewie's intricacies you
wouldn't be so judge full you'd be like
oh that's hilarious the cat wants the
loop because it's a loop time that's
hilarious
since these smash memes are popping up
everywhere AG oneplus did a meme
template it's really good you could just
download it and make your own like you
got it you got it you got a do that okay
that's all the time I've got I gotta get
back to plank
[Music]
comes out of the client what do you mean
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
good name good name everybody good mean
I think what this shows is really that
we need a meme smash Edition we're all
the memes dis fight each other
wouldn't that be epic smash like if you
think that would be epic smash like and
buy all the merch aren't ironically or
ironically for that statement to be
confirmed high tier League my joke
what is that there's no such thing as a
high tier Lima joke yeah yeah let's
start banning all both the Lima stuff I
think what's interesting about League my
said it's supposed to be some disease
right it's supposed to be something that
kills people some cancer or whatever the
thing is it eats cancer we have on
ironically ironically we have ironically
on ironically created cancer and you met
the physical cancer well done everybody
you did it you did it congratulations
this is why we need like I know I know
that's a really controversial joke and I
please mainstream media I know okay but
I hear me out here we need ligament to
combat all these kids
take these three heads
[Music]
it's not my father's house an House of
merchandise
[Music]
take these things hence if he dies he
can resurrect that's a really powerful
move Jesus Christ and fine we have
created the process of me making videos
in a video form he did
[Music]
Oh oopsie it's not working it's not
working
stop it this mean gets why mean review
maybe thinking I have an army of 60
million that's great
bro can I ask a question you just dig
okay can I ask two questions you already
did can I ask four questions you just
did again when now not one no you na
three you just did you got you gone
forever you have to bury yourself it's
over it's over for you you can't recover
you cannot recover if that happened in
the case I immerse is Logan press
conference they wouldn't even need to
fight he would already been murdered I
still see your shadow in my room can
take back
[Music]
what is he still doing here
[Applause]
[Music]
Tommy Hahn OB Tommy back again
since amber Shattuck purple snip and
berry on this is literally to placer
that's it for this week's did you laugh
or did you lose leave it like if you
lost and leave a like if you are here
watching this video still remember check
out the march link in the description
it's a limited time thank you all for
supporting the motor so far really
appreciate it honestly I design it
myself just because I enjoyed doing it
there's really no other reason but it's
fun to see that you guys support it so
thank you I really really appreciate it
also you may have noticed there's a new
sponsor button down there what is that
all about Felix well I'm going to do
monthly live streams only for sponsors
so it'll be a small little chat ma for
only one buys it
it will literally just be me and you
most likely not but anyway you will also
get custom emojis and I'm gonna keep
adding rewards for everyone that stays a
sponsor and thank you for sponsoring the
channel doing times of D monetization
and all these stuff a would be nice if I
could bring back swearing that would
just be great I don't know the video is
over I know it's really sad so Alexa
play just besito v Alexa Jesus Alexa
played Esposito v 125 bpm buddy next
masters from Spotify